docs(skill): add code review skill (#7888)
DataDog/dd-trace-js: .agents/skills/code-review/review-checklist.md

# dd-trace-js Code Review Checklist

> Aggregated from analysis of review patterns across the primary maintainers of this repository.
> 
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This is great meta information that we just do not need in the actual document to keep the tokens few :)

## Architecture & Design

**BLOCKER when a shortcut bypasses the intended system design.**

- Route through designed interfaces — don't call internal APIs directly when a public interface exists (Diagnostics Channel, `runStores`/`bindStore`, propagator interfaces).
- Don't mix cross-cutting concerns. Systems that are intentionally separate (e.g., baggage and span context) must stay separate.

> - Avoid `WeakRef` for cleanup — it has caused memory leaks in this codebase. Use proper store lifecycle (`runStores`/`bindStore`) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use proper store lifecycle (`runStores`/`bindStore`) instead of `WeakRef`.
```

- Don't add helpers that only call another function with no transformation. Inline them.

> - Don't re-export symbols without modification — it adds confusion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only export symbols that are used outside of the file.
```

> - Functions called in only one place should be inlined for clarity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Functions called in only one place should be inlined for clarity, if they are do not provide a good abstraction by themselves.
```

> - Plugin hook setup that is repetitive should be made implicit via `addHooks`.

Reviewer: I am unsure I understand this one

Author: Line 14? I can remove this one if you think it is redundant

---

## Performance & Memory

**BLOCKER or CONCERN in hot paths; CONCERN elsewhere.**

- dd-trace runs in application hot paths — every allocation and lookup counts.
- Flag unbounded collections: streams, maps, or listeners that can grow without limit.

> - Flag unnecessary allocations or object creation in hot paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Flag unnecessary allocations or object creation.
```

- A Map keyed by user-operation objects (requests, contexts) must have a guaranteed cleanup path, or use `WeakMap` instead. Timer-based cleanup is risky — it can cause sawtooth memory growth.

> - Prefer lazy initialisation: don't create expensive objects or run expensive computations until they are needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prefer lazy initialisation: don't create objects or run computations until they are needed.
```

> - If a PR claims a performance improvement, a benchmark is required to demonstrate it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Benchmarks are required to proof performance improvement claims
```
